He let ginger cai replace me
It shows that you have a good heart for him
Go on like this
I can't be a young woman of the family
I have to hook my body to his heart
The scent of aromatherapy can stimulate his desire
Zhengting brother
This is an aromatherapy with particularly good effect.
You try it.
Jiang Xue, I warn you not to do anything else
Oops, he found out.
Brother Chen Tian
You leaked my costume blueprints, right?
Planting dirty to frame Jiang cabbage
Kicking him out of the company was your purpose, right?
I took your job
It's your fault
If there is a next time
I'm not as powerful as a general
Brother Zhenting
I did it wrong.
I deserved my demotion.
But Jiang Caicai is a newcomer
How can you make a new director? His ability
Everyone can see it.
Why can't you see it?
Is it hard to admit that he is better than you?
I admit to being better than me
This is the last time I warn you
There you go.
The aroma of aromatherapy completely evaporates
It has the effect of making people lose control
It takes 5 minutes.
I'll come back later.
Although I hate Gu Zheng Hall
Don't want to see him
But I'm the director now
Deserve to see him
Tell him about my plans for the clothing department
Mr. Gu
enter